Refactor How To doc (#5850)
iotaledger/iota: docs/content/iota-evm/explanations/smart-contract-anatomy.md

smart contract program itself.

The smart contract also owns an account on the chain, stored as part of the chain state.

> The smart contract account represents the balances of base tokens, and NFTs controlled by the smart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The smart contract account represents the balances of coins and other objects controlled by the smart
```

smart contract program itself.

The smart contract also owns an account on the chain, stored as part of the chain state.

> The smart contract account represents the balances of coins and other objects controlled by the smart

Reviewer: Seems like something is missing now at the end 😅
